Dear Sir/Madam,

I'm pleased to recommanded Miss Tian for admission into your
distinguished graduate program. 

I acquainted her when she came to USTC in 1995, as the supervisor of her
class. More than six years after she gradated from here, I still
remember his outstanding capability of analytical thinking and
diligence. 

She was distinguished from most other student for her wide
vision. Besides her top 10 percent grade, I found Miss Tian did
not only focus on mark in exam, also put much of her effort in library
to extend her knowledge related to courses. In one course I tought,
modern accounting, she discussed with me some of her ideas comes from
extended reading. When I asked her, she said course and textbook are
not enough to get known about a field, she considered them as
mentor. She did extended reading to find opportunity of career and
study. Appreciable, she had been developing her own viewpoint. I has been sure
that she will play a successful personal career development.

She show strong learning ability. I'm the teacher of basic accounting
and modern accounting. Further more, she 

Miss Tian showed 

Unlike most other graduate students who are eager to publish essays
and thus fear to take pains to make exhaustive investigation for their
research, Miss Tian make extensive survey for her in the graduate
thesis. 


Miss Tian shows his clear ideation not only in school work but also in
league activities. 

Miss Tian also has outstanding ability of speaking and writing in
english. 

Now I'm glad to hear that she's engaged in human resource management
job, and she told me she enjoy to share her study experience and help
peaple about their career development.

And also I receive her mail now and then, and get to know that she's
been focusing on measurement of human resource. She's developed a KPI
system for the company where she provide service all by
herself. During this task, she 
and qualified
evaluation requirments are much needed by China local company. She
get interesting in that and want to learn more from graduate program
to enhence her methodology. 
