The following appeared in a letter to the editor of the Walnut Grove
town newspaper. 

"Walnut Grove's town council has advocated switching from EZ Disposal
(which has had the contract for trash collection services in Walnut
Grove for the past ten years) to ABC Waste, because EZ recently raised
its monthly fee from $2,000 to $2,500 a month, whereas ABC's fee is
still $2,000. But the town council is mistaken; we should continue
using EZ. EZ collects trash twice a week, while ABC collects only
once. Moreover, EZ which, like ABC, currently has a fleet of 20
trucks has ordered additional trucks. Finally, EZ provides exceptional
service: 80 percent of respondents to last year's town survey agreed
that they were 'satisfied' with EZ's performance."

The essay:

The author of the letter augued that Walnut Grove's town council
shall not switch to ABC waste from EZ Disposal, which raised its
monthly fee from $2,000 to $2,500 a month. The author listed three
reasons. Firstly, EZ collected trace one more time per time than
ABC. Secondly, EZ would have more trucks than ABC. Last reason was a
survey showed 80 percent of respondents were satisfied with EZ's
service. The argument seems logical but it cannot bear close analysis.

1. The three reasons supporting the conclusion that town council shall
continue using EZ cannot overwhelm the reason with which town council
decided to switch to ABC. The price of service is the key factor that
town council considered when choosing service provider. We can safely
deduce that the town council's budget for trash collection is limited
within $2,000 per month. Admittedly, EZ provided better service in
some aspects, but town countil cannot afford the service.

2. Even if town council can afford the new price, increased by 25%, of
EZ, the reasons the letter author listed are not sufficient to support
the auguement that the town council shall continue the contract with
EZ, because we cannot see any improvement of service with the price
increment in the reasons listed. The author stated that EZ collected
trash twice a week, but didn't mentioned that they would collect more
times after they has the new perchased trucks. Then we cannot find any
reason for their perchase. Furthermore, EZ provided exceptional
service according to the survey, with current trucks and frequence of
collecting trash, more trucks or more times trash collection would
guarantee better service, but they will occupy more space and fuel by
all means.

Furthermore, the letter author did not say anything about ABC
waste. We don't know the survey result for that company. If ABC can
provide same service as that of EZ, at lower price, why don't we
select ABC?

