TOPIC: We can usually learn much more from people whose views we share than
from people whose views contradict our own; disagreement can cause
stress and inhibit learning.

There always are deferent opinions where human beings live. Some
people are holding the same views we share, while others don't. People
always feel more easy to learn from the former than from the latter,
so they prefer to get instructions from and take discussions with those
sharing views. But I suggest that it is even more important to learn
from contrary views.

In the first stage we begin to study some topics, which can be an accademic
study project, business plan, or even a family travel schedule, we
shall listen to different opinions and suggestions. Because
we have no enough knowledge for the field, we have to collect all
basic knowledges and theories. Then we can make our own
standpoint. If we don't listen to the opinions that do not sound to us at
the first glance, we may bypass valuable information. 

Even if we have set up our own views, those contrary ones are useful for
us, because we can examine our views from another standpoint. Those
who have different opinions in one problem may be from some other
angle than ours. In this situation, we can certainly obtain more
information of the problem we concerned and have chance to make our opinion more
reasonable. Even if the contrary opinions are proved false finally, we
can gain more confidence with our own views. That's why computer
networking server producers learn techniques from hackers whos are
attempting to break softwares inthose servers. To verify those
softwares in hacher's way make them more stable.

Sometimes we even find that the contrary views are better than ours,
as we shall decisively accept the proved better ones. A saying says
truth is not always held by most. For that a famous example is comes from
astronomy history. In the middle centry, European accepted the theory
that earth is the enter of universe. But some scientists drew a
conclusion from years of observation, which indicated that sun is the
center of the universe, and now we know the conclusion is more close
to real condition of our world. But at that time, people refused to
accept their theory and even sentence several of them to death. A few
of decades later, their theory was widely accepted.

From above discussion, we can safely say that to learn from those
holding contrary views is necessary to ensure that the views
we holding are in a correct way.
