The video camera provides such an accurate and convincing record of
contemporary life that it has become a more important form of
documentation than written records.

In current days, more and more people can use video camera to record
contemporary life. Is it becoming more important form of documentation
than written reords, which human beings have been using for thousands
of years? Or even is it going to take the place of written records? My
answer is to take video with camera is a very important method to
document contemporary life but written records will not be substituted
in visible future.

Compared with written records, video can record more detials so that
we can easily recover the scene it record. The domains where video is
more useful than other documentation forms include sport games, drama,
and so on. We can find every actions in video without special
attention when the viedo was taken. While we have to depend on that
the recorder wrote down a detail if he or she use written records as
his or her form of documentation. Furthermore, scientist found that
90% of information is acquired by human being via sight, so written
record can never provide us such dircect sence as video, which make us
feel as if the scene it records becomes ture in front of us.

Furthermore, video can hardly be modified or forged more than written
records, so it can be reliable documentation form. Video contains huge
amount of images, which are queued in sequence. The character of video
make it impossible to modified without making ......

Given the advantages of video, written records will still be one of
the most important form of documentation. At the first place, to write
records requires simple equipement, just paper and pen, which make it
a convenient way to record life. So to video record, we need the
not only the camera, but also tape, power supplier to begin shotting
video, preventing us from taking this form of record at anywhere we
want to. Secondly, written records can be indexed and searched much
easier than video. A important purpose of recording is to provide
reference in the future, so it means a lot to find interested records from a huge
repository with the highest speed. Currently scientists have not found
a way to index and search video records, but there are a lot of
accomplishment for written records.

Considering all above, video becomes more and more important to record
contemporary life in our decade, but it cannot take the place of
written records in several fields. The latter plays a excellent role
in recording huge amount of structured data.
