TOPIC: No field of study can advance significantly unless outsiders bring
their knowledge and experience to that field of study.

Academic study are mainly improved by those experts in the field, who
have necessary knowledge and skills. Although there were a few of examples that
outsiders helped to accelerate study, furthermore in some case they achieved the
progress by themselves, it's over estimated to state that no field of
study can advance significantly unless outsiders bring their knowledge
and experience to it.

The study, which we can assume as scientific study, is a complicated task that requires attendee
have relavent knowledge system, without which one may even not
be able to understand the study target. So we can hardly image that
outsiders whose level is just like a beginner of the field can achieve
more significant result than an experienced investigator. Take the
mathematics study as example, current topics are so abstract that even
those mathematcis experts who are not in the special field can hardly
master the problem. Do you think a outsider with no training is able
to provide direct help to improve the study significantly?

It cannot be denied that outsiders can help study, at least in some
levels. The reason is that some basic methods are common in scientific
studies as well as that most of scientific studies depend on logic and
mathematics. If scientists from different fields communicate in
language of logic and mathematics, their experience can be helpful for
each other. Some examples can be found in history of science, especially
during the childhood of science. A famous one is that scientists who
study the animals discover the mechanism of eyes determining
distance, shared the knowledge with astronomers, causing a new
technique to measure distance of stars. Besides thise case, a lot of
stories tell that scientists obtain ideas from other fields to solve
their own problems. 

Even considering those cases, the knowledge and experience brought by
outsiders cannot be overstated, because the achievement is not only
to create an idea, but to develop it to theory, to prove the theory
and to produce practicality sometimes. Those kind of jobs are
accomplished with knowledge and experience in this field. Outsiders
may help but most of the jobs are accomplished by the insiders. To
only depend on knowledge and experience of other field brought by
outsiders cannot take the ideas into real achievement.

Furthermore, it's absurb to deny study can advance significantly
without knowledge and experience of other field. A lot of greate
successes are achieved by those exports tho are forcusing on the
field many years. It's years of hard work and accumulated experience
that make them to achieve the accomplishment. If we take in the idea
that the reason why our study cannot advance is we have not got
knowledge and experience from other field, we can get nothing done but
only waiting for the golden finger from outsiders.

It can be concluded from above discussion that knowledge and
experience brought by outsiders are not necessary for significant
improvement of study, although some of those improvements is achieved
with hint brought by outsiders knowledge and experience. But to keep
our eyes on other studies may bring us unexpected help.
