The most important responsibility of college students is to pursue
their course of study to the best of their ability. In most cases,
this world mean attending every class. In reality, however, not every
student is the same, and not every class is the same. If a student can
study more effectively in another way, then that student should be
allowed to pursue his/her studies to the best of his/her abilities,
and not be required to attend classes that are not helpful to
him/her.

Some students find it difficult to concentrate in large lecture
classes and find reading quietly a more effective way of studying. If
a student can achieve more by reading in the library and meeting with
a professor during office hours than students who attend every class,
he/she should not be prevented from studying in the most effective way
fo him/her.

The most important measures of a college student's academic progress
are tests. In the weeks before exams, college student's need to
arrange their own schedules becomes critical. For instance, if a
student is very good at math but very poor at English, it might make
more sense for that student to skip math class and spend the extra
time preparing for an English test. If students are required to attend
classes whose content they are already familiar with, at best they
will be bored by redundant material, at worst they will fail tests in
subjects they are less proficient in.

The argument might be made that it is the school's responsibility to
organize its curriculum so that students are always challenged and
therefore truly need to be at every class. I contend that it is
impossible to tailor an entire schools's curriculum to the individual
needs of every single student. The best that can be hoped for is a
well thought out curriculum with enough flexibility to handle the
differences between individual students. Schools should trust the
student to make choices that are in their own best interests, and use
testing as the final arbiter of academic excellence.

