Statement of Career Goal

By Peng Liu

I am now seeking a chance to pursue the postgraduate education in computer science after six years working in software development industry. It will be one of the most important phases in the roadmap to my career goal, acquiring the ability to undertake advanced research and contributing to the computer science research in an academic institution. Here I would like to review and reflect on my career development evolution over the past years and state my future career goal. 
Dated back to my high school life, I showed strong interest in science and always got the highest score on Math and Physics in my class. This then resulted in my decision to apply for the Automation major of the University of Science and Technology of China (USTC) with a high grade of National Entrance Examination ranking among top 5% in my hometown. Accepted by this top-ranked science institution, I continued to demonstrate my study ability by receiving scholarships and high appraisals from my instructors. 
In the college, I got the first chance to take a close look at the computing techniques, which stirred my interest immediately. Not only did good in the computer-related courses such as C programming language, I/O Interface Technology and Artificial Intelligence, I also taught myself more knowledge of computing with classic teaching materials, such as Discrete Mathematics and Its Applications and Introduction to Algorithms. The knowledge later helped me a lot when I was working on my dissertation, an application of the Case-Based Reasoning, which requires solid background in programming and computing. I also found a lot of fun playing with the programs and algorithms to see how they work. 
Exhibiting research ability, I was accepted into the master program of the State Key Laboratory of Fire Science, where I started my research focusing on the application of computer in security and control systems. This three-year study is important to my career development because by working with the experienced researchers, I got practical experience of a research project. Moreover, in several projects, such as the research of real-time performance of CAN field bus, I played a major role in designing and carrying out the experiments as well as collecting and analyzing data. The invaluable experience still benefits my career even after my graduation. 
My first job was a software engineer in a subsidiary of the Software Engineering Center (SEC) of Chinese Academy of Sciences, a place where every young engineering professional dreams of. Not only did I deliver high quality code, I also carried out personal study to tune the system performance when developing the Hopen Operation System, which was later certificated as one of best innovative products by Beijing Municipal Science and Technology Committee. Some of my work turned out meaningful for system development, for example, I implemented several TLB caching policies and benchmarked them so gained higher performance, and in another task I proposed and realized a solution to capture and debug the system lockup issue. Consequently they earned me the outstanding new employee award and rapid promotion. In 2006, I was fortune enough to join Motorola Software Group (MSG) China and working in this top world-renowned company opened my eyes to a whole picture of a well-defined software development system. Working with the top engineers, I intensified my development experience, sharpened my skills in constructing large scale system, and developed project management skills through several key projects. I am also proud to see my ideas and proposals are always bring values to the projects I participate in.
Although busy at work, I never stop extending my knowledge of computer science and tracking the new trends in technology. Spending 10 hours of my spare time in library per week on average, I read the books on fundamental theories such as Computer Architecture: A Quantitative Approach, Computer Networking and Design Pattern, as well as numbers of articles. I witnessed the file systems for flash memory growing mature, the fighting back of scripting languages, the improvement of real-time support in Linux kernel and many other techniques make computing more efficiently and reliably. The rapid revolution of computing techniques is so exiting me so I started to think of not only to follow and use the those innovations but also invent and spread them by myself. Analyzing my personality and background, I'd say it's the best way to realize the value of my life to explore the new computing techniques, evaluate them and help people use them in practical projects. So I decided to take the advanced education which is supposed to help me to achieve my goal.
Now, my expertise in programming and project management makes me confident with any task in prototyping and demonstrating in future research. In the next phase to accomplish my long-term goal, I am planning to learn the theories of computing systematically. Although I've learned many principles of this domain by myself, an instructor led program will update and consolidate my knowledge hierarchy. Meanwhile, in the academia world I'm going to find my research opportunities for the doctoral program. My interests cover a wide range of areas, including software engineering, operating system, parallel computing, mobile computing, etc, so in future study I'm expecting to learn them in depth and choose my own research direction. From what I read on the website of your department, I believe your program is able to offer what I am pursuing, so I'm applying for your postgraduate program and will make it lead to my PhD degree.


